# Disclaimer

Your access to and use of this dataset are at your own risk. We do not guarantee the accuracy of this dataset. The dataset is provided “as is” and we make no warranty or representation to you with respect to it and we expressly disclaim, and hereby expressly waive, all warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise. This including, without limitation, warranties of quality, performance, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the presence or absence of errors, whether or not known or discoverable. Where disclaimers of warranties are not allowed in full or in part, this disclaimer may not apply to you.

In no event will we be liable to you on any legal theory (including, without limitation, negligence) or otherwise for any direct, special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, exemplary, or other losses, costs, expenses, or damages arising out of this public license or use of the licensed material.

The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability provided above shall be interpreted in a manner that, to the extent possible, most closely approximates an absolute disclaimer and waiver of all liability.

This dataset may contain material that is protected by copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property rights owned by third parties. By accessing or using this dataset, you acknowledge that it is your sole responsibility to ensure that your use complies with applicable laws and regulations, including those related to intellectual property. We do not grant you any rights with respect to any third-party content, and we expressly disclaim any liability for any claims, damages, or losses arising from your use of such content.